you
are you a crafter who loves to sew well
that's me and I decided to add an ice
machine to my studio and I went with the
singer one I've been really happy with
this machine it's very easy to use it's
great for all different skill levels and
it has so many simple features that make
sewing very easy and fast and I thought
I would share all the details with you
this is one of my favorite features the
drop and sew bobbin all you do is drop
your bobbin in that little case and put
your thread in there and you're going to
place it in the little guide and leave
it there
once you thread your the top part of
your machine once you start sewing it
will pick up that bobbin thread
I found that threading this machine was
pretty simple as well you're just going
to put it around the groove bring it
down there's a little hook right there
that you want to make sure you get your
thread hooked in there and then you're
going to bring it up through these two
little notches and you're going to press
the lever on the side of the machine and
boom your needle is threaded you are
ready to go isn't that simple
this machine comes with 24 different
stitches to fully automatic one-step
buttonholes and the quick view stitch
setting which I happen to like a lot the
singer one has a nice little storage
area you just push this little lever if
you need to sew a sleeve you can push
this button right here and remove this
the machine comes with a full set of
instructions as well as a DVD that has
all of the basics of working a sewing
machine as well as sewing different
types of projects and stitches and
working with different fabrics well I
hope you enjoyed my review of the Singer
one sewing machine and no matter what
kind of machine you have even if you
only have a needle and thread
please give sewing a try it's a lot of
fun it's a great way to exercise your
creativity and you can make a lot of
really cool things if you need any ideas
make sure to visit my website crafty
chica comm I have a lot of projects
there
you